Add MuJoCo kitchen sim to ur workspace (#282)
PickNikRobotics/moveit_studio_ur_ws: src/picknik_ur_mujoco_config/README.md

# picknik_ur_mujoco_config

> A MoveIt Pro base configuration for PickNik's Universal Robots (UR) arms.

Author: ```suggestion
A MoveIt Pro MuJoCo simulation for PickNik's Universal Robots (UR) arms.
```
